Docs folder standardization and other fixes (#332)
yiisoft/db-mysql: README.md

The package could be installed via composer:

```shell
composer require yiisoft/db-mysql
```

## Documentation

English:

> - For config connection to Mysql, MariaDb database check [Connecting MySQL/MariaDb](https://github.com/yiisoft/db/blob/master/docs/en/connection/mysql.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Connection config for MySQL and MariaDb](https://github.com/yiisoft/db/blob/master/docs/en/connection/mysql.md).
```

## License

> The Yii DataBase Mysql, MariaDb Extension is free software. It is released under the terms of the BSD License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Yii DataBase MySQL, MariaDb Extension is free software. It is released under the terms of the BSD License.
```
